# Artist's Statement
At the thought of incorporating Handpose and Responsive Voice the idea of casting a spell which requires both of these technologies comes to my mind. I have also experimented with a toothbrush as a replacement of a wand (using ObjectDetector yet the toothbrush rarely gets recognized. There goes that brilliant idea.
This is by far the project that I have used images/ music from outside sources the most as the game is heavily based on the wizarding world of Harry Potter. A large part of this project was spent researching Harry Potter's world building and magics. Another enormous part of it was into thorough research of crisp and free audios for spell effects. The sound effects are the icing of the cake; a simple yet essential component that completes the project. I am extremely grateful to the many art works, photos, gifs, and audios that I have taken from and included in this personal project. 

The main goal of the project was to include as many spells as I could to make it a truly intriguing experience for both Potter Heads and muggles. The Revelio Charm (once casted will reveal the right spell for each stage) was later added to help common muggles navigate through. However, players are meant to explore and decode the game by itself, thus the Revelio Charm does not work in the final stage of the game. Therefore, the big hint to players is the Spells List included in the Instructions and players who choose to perform the method of elimination will perform much better than others. Players are also expected to unravel the effects of each spell in the final stage. And of course, the Dark Lord is not to be defeated easily... (unless one watches the movie).

As I have dedicated an immense amount of my time into expanding the project, I have decided to sacrifice a bit of my style points to salvage projects/essays of other classes.
